State sync config flags (#721)
ava-labs/avalanche-docs: docs/nodes/maintain/avalanchego-config-flags.md

This node reads at most this many containers from an incoming Ancestors message. Defaults to `2000`.

## State Syncing

#### `--state-sync-ids` (string):

> State sync IDs is an array of validator IDs. The specified validators will be contacted to get and authenticate the starting point (state summary) for state sync. An example setting of this field would be `--state-sync-ids="NodeID-7Xhw2mDxuDS44j42TCB6U5579esbSt3Lg,NodeID-MFrZFVCXPv5iCn6M9K6XduxGTYp891xXZ"`. The number of given IDs here must be same with number of given `--state-sync-ips`. The default value is empty, which results in all validators being sampled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
State sync IDs is a comma-separated list of validator IDs. The specified validators will be contacted to get and authenticate the starting point (state summary) for state sync. An example setting of this field would be `--state-sync-ids="NodeID-7Xhw2mDxuDS44j42TCB6U5579esbSt3Lg,NodeID-MFrZFVCXPv5iCn6M9K6XduxGTYp891xXZ"`. The number of given IDs here must be same with number of given `--state-sync-ips`. The default value is empty, which results in all validators being sampled.
```

#### `--state-sync-ips` (string):

> State sync IPs is an array of IPv4:port pairs. These IP Addresses will be contacted to get and authenticate the starting point (state summary) for state sync. An example setting of this field would be `--state-sync-ips="127.0.0.1:12345,1.2.3.4:5678"`. The number of given IPs here must be the same with the number of given `--state-sync-ids`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
State sync IPs is a comma-separated list of IPv4:port pairs. These IP Addresses will be contacted to get and authenticate the starting point (state summary) for state sync. An example setting of this field would be `--state-sync-ips="127.0.0.1:12345,1.2.3.4:5678"`. The number of given IPs here must be the same with the number of given `--state-sync-ids`.
```
